[TFECO-12319] API DOCS For Registry Tagging and Visibility (#2682)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/private-registry/providers/version-tags.mdx

[401]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/401

[403]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/403

[404]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/404

[409]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/409

[412]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/412

[422]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/422

[429]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/429

[500]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500

[503]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/503

[JSON API document]: /terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#json-api-documents

[JSON API error object]: https://jsonapi.org/format/#error-objects

# Manage provider versions API reference

Use the provider version management API endpoints to list, add, and update tags for provider versions in your organization's registry.

## List all tags for a provider version

Use this endpoint to list all tags assigned to a provider version.

`GET /api/v2/registry-provider-versions/:provider_version_id/tag-bindings`

| Parameter | Description |
| :---- | :---- |

> | `:provider_version_id` | The specific provider version id whose tags you want to list. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `:provider_version_id` | The specific provider version ID whose tags you want to list. |
```

| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| [200][] | [JSON API document][] | The request was successful. |
| [401][] | [JSON API error object][] | User unauthorized. |
| [404][] | [JSON API error object][] | The provider version does not exist. |

### Sample request

```shell
curl \
  --request GET \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/registry-provider-versions/provver-E94qRpUHFZezgEWC/tag-bindings
```

### Sample response

```json
{
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "tb-LDojeUQnBPGYbDdA",
      "type": "tag-bindings",
      "attributes": {
        "key": "environment",
        "value": "dev",
        "created-at": "2026-07-15T20:11:56.432Z"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "tb-HPnKh5kf4TiGYMVr",
      "type": "tag-bindings",
      "attributes": {
        "key": "environment",
        "value": "testing",
        "created-at": "2026-07-15T20:11:56.437Z"
      }
    }
  ],
  "links": {
    "target": "/api/v2/organizations/hashicorp/registry-providers/private/hashicorp/test-provider/versions?version=5.14.0"
  }
}
```

## Add or update tags for a provider version

Use this endpoint to add or update tags for a provider version in your organization's registry.

> -> **Note:** Removing tags from a provider version is made via PATCH requests, where the request body will contain only the tag keys and values that are currently needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a `PATCH` request to the following endpoint to add or update tags for a provider version in your organization's registry.

To remove tags from a provider version, omit the tag keys and values from the request body when sending the `PATCH` request.
```
